Add inspection API documentation (#5)
easy2use/gearbox-api-docs: endpoints/inspections.md

  date_open: "",           // date, required, format: 'yyyy-mm-dd'
  odometer_scheduled: "",  // integer, optional
  hours_scheduled: "",     // integer, optional
  jobcard_notes: "",       // string, optional, maximum 500 characters
  repairer_notes: "",      // string, optional, maximum 500 characters
  closed: "",              // boolean, required, true or false
  date_closed: "",         // date, required if closed is true, format: 'yyyy-mm-dd'
  hours_closed: "",        // integer, optional
  odometer_closed: "",     // integer, optional
  cost: "",                // float, optional, format: 100.00
  invoice: "",             // string, optional, maximum 45 characters
  invoice_date: "",        // date, optional, format: 'yyyy-mm-dd'
  location: "",            // string, optional, maximum 50 characters
  date_scheduled: "",      // datetime, optional, format: yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm
  date_scheduled_end: "",  // datetime, optional, format: yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm
  site: "",                // string, optional, if a site match is not found than an error is thrown
  general_ledger_code: "", // string, optional, if a general ledger code match is not found than an error is thrown

>   repairer: ""             // string, optional, must match existing repairers name or code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  repairer: ""             // string, optional, if a repairers name or code match is not found than an error is thrown
```
